so mia wanted to go to the party her
classmate was throwing
but her father didn't let her mia
thought for a while
and remembered her grandparents had just
moved to their new
one-story country house she asked her
dad if she could visit them at the
weekend and the man agreed
but mia went to the party instead when
she got back home after the weekend
her father asked her if she had had a
good time mia replied she helped in the
garden a little
and spent the rest of the day upstairs
her father
immediately knew she was lying how
mia said she'd been upstairs but her
grandparents house is a one-story
cottage
why are liar pants on fire eleven plus
three
equals two ten plus five equals three
now how is that possible
it makes sense when we talk about time
eleven o'clock plus three hours is two
o'clock
ten o'clock plus five hours is three
one king wants to find out which of his
three sons is the smartest
he takes three chests and puts his crown
in one of them
on each chest there's a statement but
only one of these statements is true
the crown is in this chest the crown
isn't in this chest
the crown isn't in chest number one
each person can only open one chest
the son who figures out where the crown
is will be the next king
but can you solve this riddle
if the first statement is true the other
two must be false
it's not so because the second statement
turns out to be correct
so this assumption's wrong if the second
statement is true
the crown isn't in the first chest it's
not in the second chest either
then it must be in the third one but
this makes the third statement correct
although it shouldn't be if the third
statement is true
the first one's wrong and there's no
crown in the first chest
the second statement is also wrong now
there are no contradictions
the crowns in the second chest
here's a sequence of letters which
letter should you add
the missing letter is f if you put it at
the end
you'll get e james and taylor were best
friends in elementary school
unfortunately when the children were 10
james and his parents moved to another
state
the friends lost contact 15 years later
james and taylor accidentally bumped
into each other in a cafe
it was their first meeting since school
they recognized each other and started
talking
it turned out taylor was already married
and have daughter
wow said james does she look like her
dad
oh no taylor said the girl's a mini
version of her mother
ah so she must be a blonde with blue
eyes
this time james was right how did he
understand that
taylor's a girl she's the mother and
james only needed to describe her
you're outside a room with three
switches in the off position
your task is to find out which one turns
on the light in the room
you can flip as many switches as you
want but you can walk into the room and
check if the lights on
only once how can you understand which
switch
controls the light bulb
turn on two random switches and wait for
a couple of minutes
then turn one of them off and walk into
the room
if the lights on the switch connected to
the bulb is the one you left in the on
position
if the room's dark touch the light bulb
if it's hot
then the controlling switch is the one
you just turned off
if the light bulb is cold the correct
switch is the only one
you haven't touched esme got lost in the
forest
she was wandering around for the whole
day
finally at dusk she saw a spooky house
a witch lived there the girl had nowhere
else to go
so she entered the house and asked for
help
the witch said if esme solved her riddle
she'd be free to leave in the morning
here's how the riddle went 17 j
70 m 96 a 162
j 256 s 354
what's the missing letter
[Music]
the 17th day of the year is in january
the 70th day of the year is in march the
96 is in april
the 162nd in june and the day 256 is in
september
day 354 is in december the missing
letter
is d a young girl got her first job as a
maid in a rich ladies house
once when she was tidying up she noticed
a very expensive collection of books
she made a break to look through one of
them and then returned it to the shelf
the girl kept working until the very
evening no one else was at home
after finishing her work the maid
returned to the shelf and discovered
that the sixth book was missing
but she clearly remembered that the book
had been there before
it was the one she had been looking
through when the lady returned
the girl confessed she lost the book but
the woman only laughed and said
everything was fine nothing was missing
how come
the collection had eight books the ninth
book was
actually the sixth one the girl
accidentally put it upside down
right before christmas the police got
information that a famous
thief named alfonso had left chele
he boarded the plane to los angeles the
only thing the detectives knew about the
man
was that he had a beard at the airport
the police officers met a group of
people
they had just arrived from different
countries the detectives noticed four
men with beards and interrogated them
the first one said he'd come from london
the second told the police he arrived
from chile
but his name was cristiano the third man
answered he'd come from sweden
and the fourth one was also from london
the police didn't even need to check
their plane tickets to spot the criminal
how did they know
it's christmas time but the man who
supposedly came from sweden
is dressed too lightly for that climate
he must have arrived from chile where
it's summer
a road accident happened on a foggy day
two drivers were taken to a hospital
each of them had a concussion
interestingly
their cars didn't even have a scratch
what happened
the drivers were going in opposite
directions it was foggy
so they stuck their heads out of the
window they didn't notice each other
and hit their heads ow samantha was born
on january 27th
for the first 20 years of her life she
celebrated her birthday in the winter
but starting with her 21st birthday she
began
celebrating it in the summer why
she moved to the southern hemisphere
where it's summer in january
two sisters ava and nicole are very
honest girls
they always tell the truth except for
one day a year
on their birthdays they always lie
today is september 17th and you ask them
when their birthdays are
ava says hers was yesterday and nicole
says her birthday is tomorrow
the next day you ask them again and they
say the exact same thing
can you guess when their birthdays are
they can't have two birthdays it means
that one day
one of them lied and the next day it was
the others turn
since ava mentioned yesterday her
birthday must come first
so ava's birthday is on september 17th
and nicole's on september 18th
bethany tommy eliza and james spent the
whole day at home alone
their mother didn't let them enter her
room when she came back in the evening
she wanted to eat her chocolate bar but
it was gone
she went downstairs and asked the kids
who had eaten her treat
bethany said she had been doing her
algebra homework the whole day and
hadn't eaten
anything at all tommy replied he'd been
playing football outside
eliza said she didn't even know where
their mom kept chocolate and james
simply claimed it hadn't been him
their mom knew immediately who had taken
her chocolate
how did she figure it out
[Music]
it was eliza the mother never mentioned
what kind of treat was missing
but eliza somehow knew it was chocolate
the father of identical quadruplets
aurora bell
chloe and dana called the teacher and
asked her to let dana leave earlier
she had a doctor's appointment the
teacher couldn't tell the girls apart
to have some fun the quadruplets refused
to confess
who was who but gave their teacher a
hint
chloe is somewhere in the middle dana is
to the left of bell
and to the right of aurora aurora is
right next to dana
how can the teacher identify the girls
chloe is somewhere in the middle and
since dana has someone on both sides of
her
she must be in the middle too if chloe
was the second
dana would be the third then dana would
be to the left of bell
and bell would be the fourth then aurora
must be the first but it doesn't work
because aurora and dana
have to be next to each other if we
switch chloe and dana
dana will be right next to aurora but
still to the left of bell
so the right order is aurora dana
chloe and belle dana's the second girl